[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a horror film the
mist
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
someday in a local town of maine the
united states
the artist david takes shelter in the
basement with his wife and son during a
severe thunderstorm
the next morning as the thunderstorm
stops they search out on the ground
and find some trees and buildings
heavily damaged
what's weird they notice a thick mist
advancing over the lake
believing that people would rush to grab
their food supplies
after the disaster david decides to
leave for the supermarket downtown
together with his son and the neighbor
who's also worrying about the food
shortage in the coming days
on their way they sense something may go
wrong as the military convoy is racing
back to the military base
inside the crowded supermarket they rush
to grab the supplies
and line up for the checkout as a
firefighter races through the street
an officer comes to the store and
commands the three shopping soldiers
to return to the military base for some
emergent duty
but right at that time a siren sounds
loud
drawing everybody's attention from their
shopping
an old man runs into the supermarket in
a panic
and warns people of a danger lurking in
the mist
not knowing what had happened though
people retreat inside
and close off the supermarket
immediately
as the mist is spreading rapidly and
envelops the store soon
those left outside are screaming out
loud in fear and despair
a violent earthquake occurs suddenly but
stops very soon
causing no harm to the people though
feeling it safe outside a mother insists
on leaving for home to take care of her
kids
despite all others trying to stop her
for her own safety
she then disappears into the thick mist
while the remaining choose to stay
inside and try to call for emergency
but to no avail due to the power outage
later david searches the store area for
anything useful
but only finds a broken emergency
generator meanwhile
he's alerted by some things knocking
violently against the rolling shutters
from outside
however the knocking disappears right
before the store staff are called for a
check
believing that something unknown and
dangerous is definitely lingering
outside
david tries to stop them from fixing the
generator outside
but to no success as the door is open
however
a staff is soon grabbed by a mysterious
creature and dragged into the mist with
its powerful tentacle
although the rest is trying hard to pull
him back
right during the chaos david chops down
one part of its tentacle
causing the creature to withdraw its
attack to their shock
a tentacle tissue turns into ash and
water on the ground very soon
some people follow david to barricade
the storefront windows
a religious fanatic lady however begins
preaching about the arrival of final
judgment day
when humanity is punished for their sins
and people should make the sacrifice to
god
the neighbor and some other skeptics who
have not seen the creatures themselves
believe that they should go out to seek
help and thus volunteer to make their
journey into the mist
with one man tied to a rope to test the
unknown danger
but moments later a massacre happens to
the crowd outside
as they notice the rope is pulled
against by some unknown forces
and only part of the bloody dead body is
dragged back
everybody staying inside is frightened
by those deaths and no one would like to
make a try
anymore as the night falls enormous
flying insects swarm in front of the
store
while getting attracted by the lights
noticing that david urges people to turn
off the lights
but it's too late a huge bat like
creature smashes a window
allowing the insects to swarm inside and
make their attack
in their joint efforts they managed to
strike burn and shoot some flying
monsters
saving most panic customers from the
rampaging monsters
unfortunately the girl is bitten on her
neck by a flying locust
and instantly poisoned to death
meanwhile
the religious fanatic lady is so
frightened to move any further before an
insect
but is miraculously spared from it
leading her to proselytize more
fervently
after driving away all the creatures
inside they rush to block the doors
and seal the broken windows while the
fanatic lady by taking advantage of that
miracle
claims that she's actually sent by god
to save people and thus gained some
followers among the survivors
trying to save a guy badly injured
during the battle david proposes to go
to the neighboring pharmacy for some
medical supplies
and find a safer shelter for the
survivors
the next morning while the fanatic lady
and her followers try to stop them
believing that it's going against god
david insists on going out for the
medicine
he then leads a small group through the
thick mist and makes his way to the
pharmacy
but right before leaving with the
medical supplies they are terrified to
find some human bodies wrapped up by the
spider webs
much to their shock the human body is
actually used by creatures to lay eggs
as numerous small sized spiders pop out
of a body suddenly
the coming giant spiders attacked the
group claiming two lives of them
the rest are forced to retreat to the
supermarket
the fanatic lady who had opposed the
expedition uses this failure to increase
her influence
by offering protection from divine wrath
to her new converts
which makes david realize that it's not
safe to stay anymore with those
fanatical converts
and it's urgent to find a way out the
next day
following the suicides of two soldiers
from the local military base
a third soldier reveals to them a secret
government project at the military base
which is aimed to discover other
dimensions but ends up opening a doorway
into a dimension containing the
creatures invading the town
knowing the truth the fanatic lady
demands to deliver the soldier as a
sacrifice
david fights hard to stop them but to no
success
the followers later expel the soldier
into the mist before blocking the door
despite his begging for life hopelessly
outside causing him to be devoured
immediately by a giant mantis-like
creature
the next morning david and his group
prepare to leave the store
but are stopped by the fanatic lady who
demands that his son be delivered as the
next sacrifice
trying to stop her insanity david and
his group stand up to confront her
fanatical followers
and a fierce fight between human
survivors inside is around the corner
at that critical moment however fanatic
lady is shot dead by a man
who then threatens her traumatized
followers into standing down
thus allowing the group to escape while
outside in the thick mist
two are entangled and devoured soon by
the colossal creatures
in a panic the remaining five take
shelter in a car
and leave slowly through the mist while
the people left
inside are staring at their departure in
despair
fear and regret as well
after a long adventure through the mist
david finds his home destroyed
and his wife dead in great sorrow he
drives away from the devastated town
passing a colossal six-legged beast and
eventually running out of gas
seeing the human world is totally doomed
with no means to escape the endless mist
and no hope for any rescue as well the
group decides to end their lives for
their last remaining human dignity
knowing that there are only four bullets
left for five survivors in the car
david shoots his son and the other three
first before leaving the car
attempting to be taken by the creatures
moments later however david is shocked
to discover the approaching near of the
us army
rather than the creatures the army
begins to purge the creatures
and restore order as the miss dissipates
slowly
david sees the soldiers have also
rescued those staying at the store
including the mother who left home at
the very beginning to get to her kids
realizing he killed his son and the
group totally for nothing
david screams in great agony
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out